the last farewell young lives cut short
on the front lines in Gaza in the
bloodiest day for Israel since the
ground Invasion
began 24 soldiers killed 21 of them in a
single attack about 600 M from the
border according to the Israeli military
they were hit by rocket propelled
grenades while rigging buildings for
demolition the impact caused the
explosive to detonate one after the
other the buildings collapsed on the
soldiers a cloud of smoke and debris
filled the Gaza Skyline the Army says
that rescue operations took several
hours around the country people are
getting to grips with the rising toll
this war is taking the price of War
which is horrendous and difficult but
but I think Natan is right you can't
leave you have to win the war and you
have to uh uh get rid of Kamas and and
make Gaza safe for us otherwise we have
no no place to live Israel's Chief of
Staff Herzel halvi visited the site of
the attack his message Israel will learn
from its mistakes and adapt its tactics
to what has become a Guerilla
Warfare the fight will be long and there
are many challenges ahead of us we are
rotating the forces and changing our
tactics as we know the reservists will
be needed
again the attack happened as Israel
focuses its Firepower on the southern
city of unun hometown of hamas's Gaza
leader yya sinir the military says it's
the last stronghold of Hamas in this
trip we continue at this time in the
spirit of the Fallen to complete the
tasks and do everything that is required
our forces operate deep in enemy
territory in kanun fighters from the
paratroopers the seventh Brigade and the
givati Brigade are operating in the
entire southern
region
support for the war remains High among
Israelis even at a time when prime
minister netanyahu's popularity has
plummeted according to the latest polls
only 30% of Israelis see him fit for the
job the prime minister is also under
increasing pressure to bring the
captives held in Gaza back home at any
cost even if it means another ceasefire
or swap of prisoners but this latest
attack is also a reminder for is iselis
that 3 months in Hamas is still capable
of inflicting pain and that the stated
goal of destroying Hamas might not be
achievable without a diplomatic solution
HUD abdulhamid Al jazer Tel
Aviv make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer